capital = 10
oob = "WOJ_1936"
set_research_slots = 4 
add_ideas = {
	wojtek_2_koran
	wojtek_koran
	Limited_Conscription
}
set_stability = 0.8
set_war_support = 0.34
set_convoys = 300
set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	tech_support = 1	
	tech_engineers = 1
	tech_mountaineers = 1
	motorised_infantry = 1
	gw_artillery = 1
	interwar_antiair = 1
	gwtank = 1
	basic_light_tank = 1
	basic_heavy_tank = 1
	early_fighter = 1
	fighter1 = 1
	early_bomber = 1
	tactical_bomber1 = 1
	strategic_bomber1 = 1
	CAS1 = 1
	naval_bomber1 = 1
	basic_train = 1
	}
set_politics = {
	ruling_party = neutrality
	last_election = 1936.1.1
	election_frequency = 1
	elections_allowed = no
}
set_popularities = {
	democratic = 0
	fascism = 12
	communism = 12
	neutrality = 76
}


recruit_character = WOJ_wojtekdayo
recruit_character = WOJ_wojtekdayo_minshu
recruit_character = WOJ_wojtekdayo_kyosan
recruit_character = WOJ_ignacy_moscicki
recruit_character = WOJ_wladyslaw_sikorski
recruit_character = WOJ_boleslaw_wieniawa_glugoszowski
recruit_character = WOJ_wladyslaw_gomulka
recruit_character = WOJ_maria_koszutska
recruit_character = WOJ_stanislaw_mikolajczyk
recruit_character = WOJ_wincenty_witos
recruit_character = WOJ_wladyslaw_raczkiewicz
recruit_character = WOJ_boleslaw_piasecki
recruit_character = WOJ_edward_rydzsmigly
recruit_character = WOJ_wladyslaw_bortnowski
recruit_character = WOJ_stanislaw_kopanski
recruit_character = WOJ_marian_kukiel
recruit_character = WOJ_jozef_haller
recruit_character = WOJ_stanislaw_sosabowski
recruit_character = WOJ_lucjan_zeligowski
recruit_character = WOJ_kazimierz_sosnkowski
recruit_character = WOJ_tadeusz_kutrzeba
recruit_character = WOJ_wladyslaw_anders
recruit_character = WOJ_roman_abraham
recruit_character = WOJ_wincenty_kowalski
recruit_character = WOJ_stefan_frankowski
recruit_character = WOJ_karol_korytowski
recruit_character = WOJ_jozef_unrug
recruit_character = WOJ_xawery_czernicki
recruit_character = WOJ_jozef_zajac
recruit_character = WOJ_ludomil_rayski
recruit_character = WOJ_stanislaw_pawluc
recruit_character = WOJ_stanislav_maczek
recruit_character = WOJ_wladyslaw_kalkus
recruit_character = WOJ_kazimierz_switalski
recruit_character = WOJ_wanda_wasilewska
recruit_character = WOJ_tomislaw_lupaszko
recruit_character = WOJ_zygmunt_buhusz_szysko
recruit_character = WOJ_roman_dmowski
recruit_character = WOJ_witold_pilecki
recruit_character = WOJ_irena_anders
recruit_character = WOJ_mieczyslaw_michalowicz
recruit_character = WOJ_boleslaw_bierut
recruit_character = WOJ_edward_osobka_morawski
recruit_character = WOJ_jozef_beck
recruit_character = WOJ_zdzislaw_lubomirski
recruit_character = WOJ_aleksander_kakowski
recruit_character = WOJ_stanislaw_radkiewicz
recruit_character = WOJ_jan_kowalewski
recruit_character = WOJ_eugeniusz_kwiatkowiski
recruit_character = WOJ_marian_rejewski
recruit_character = WOJ_jerzy_rutkowski
recruit_character = WOJ_karl_albrecht
recruit_character = WOJ_pavel_bermondt_avalov
recruit_character = WOJ_anna_andersson
recruit_character = WOJ_friedrich_christian
recruit_character = WOJ_rudinger_von_der_goltz
recruit_character = WOJ_vladislav_korchits
recruit_character = WOJ_wojtek